Lumber Base price configuration
Lumber program
Lumber Condition Editor

RL based Process how it gets updated weekly and addons to base price discounts adders one time conditions,transfer pricing 

ZPTS (contract) for each material (contract is attached to customer in C4C not pricefx)
ZPPR (PROGRAM PRICE VMI)
ZREP (Reference price - PL Price) to check last week base price 
ZMAB( internal transfer base price to program price) transfer price from mill to customer weyerhauser location 

base price changes every week
program price changes for 2 years (adders changes)

Base price configuration for program pricing for lumber

1. Quote - base price
2. Dashboard - base price config status
3. Live price grid - active pricing - review and submit
4. Pricing in A- tables goes to S4
5. RL Catalog and RL Data source

program pricing - when we were discussing the program pricing process with Ginny and Stacy.
Krishna, Sanchita 14 minutes 49 seconds
They mentioned usually what we do is at the beginning of the quarter four or the late quarter three, we will look at our prices and decide on what price needs to be updated and take it to the customer for negotiation.
Krishna, Sanchita 15 minutes 4 seconds
And once they are closed, so there are three components to it.
Krishna, Sanchita 15 minutes 7 seconds
One is the Aral tag.
Krishna, Sanchita 15 minutes 9 seconds
There is a product adder and they are freight which form the program prices and once they are negotiated with the customer, the replenishment team will share those price with Jeannie and she will enable that in the price effect system.
Krishna, Sanchita 15 minutes 28 seconds
So that it can be executed for the customer from the January cycle of next year.

So the first thing is Ginny needs to show Stacy.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 15 minutes 44 seconds
What is the current pricing and to do that she needs to go into the quote that is currently active for that.

Customer distribution channel, plant pricing type and key combination.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 16 minutes
So all of these she needs to know which these are, which is why the name of the quote that she's looking for.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 16 minutes 8 seconds
Is important to give a clue as to which one she's looking for.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 16 minutes 13 seconds
So really I would probably name this Windsor.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 16 minutes 19 seconds
Umm yeah, universal.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 16 minutes 21 seconds
I don't know exactly how you would name it, but it would have something to do with Windsor and you FP.
Keyes, Alicia (Experis) 16 minutes 26 seconds
So UFP is the customer, Windsor is their plant.


catalog formula items is used to make changes in base price (adder, aggregration,weeks offset)

for program pricing we dont aggregrate 

condition formula change price based on different conditions

Distribution channel direct - 10 for zppr program pricing
internal - 30 for zmab transfer pricing 

items are manually added

relationship between primary and alternate materials is not documented

alternate materials dont have RL Tags seperate

ZPPR - FIRST
ZMAB - NEXT

if condition type is ZMAB
use condition formula as ZPPR






